I told you I was gonna do this.
I wish you were here
with me, but...
I'm gonna do this.
Five. Moment of truth.
Don't look. Don't look.
Come on. Shut. Come on. Shut,
Come on! Shut!
Okay. Back to one.
Oh, God! It's going up!
What?
Come on.
Come on, come on, come on!
Come on, come on!
No, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no!
Where are you going?
Welcome to
"Nightmare on Dare Street."
I'm your host, Kris Russo!
And with me as always,
Chloe Young.
M-M-M-Matty Davis!
And Izzy Simpson!
Izzy, we good? Cool!
Chloe, want to tell the folks
at home all about today's game?
Today, we're playing
Three Kings,
which when played right
will allow us
to talk to the spirit
of a dead king
with the help of these mirrors.
Uh-huh.
Talking to a dead king. Wow.
Want to tell the folks at home
how we're gonna throw
some spice on this bad boy?
By playing in the abandoned
home of a serial killer,
Lester Digby King.
Ohh! See what we did there?
Huh?!
Matty, what do you got
going on over there?
I'm making
a salt protection circle.
never talk to the dead
without one.
Is that the salt
from the office break room?
Another week
of flavorless lunches.
Yeah, well, when shit goes south
and we're all huddled
inside here,
you won't be complaining
about bland fries.
Could you make the salt circle
just a little bit bigger
so we don't have to huddle
quite so close together?
Don't forget
this episode is sponsored
by Something Green
vegetable drink.
Mwah!
Okay. Who can tell me
what's wrong here?
Your shirt has three
coffee stains on it?
No. On the screen.
On the screen.
Kris looks like a tool.
- Eat it, Izz.
- Ugh.
When we mention the sponsor,
we need to see their product.
It's there.
It's, uh-- It's not there.
Yeah.
See? It's right there.
In all fairness, that is
an iced latte in there.
Regardless, Kris,
you need to be holding it.
Kris can't have my iced latte.
I--
Are we gonna start getting
reimbursed for travel expenses?
- Travel expenses?
- I take the bus here.
Yeah, if Matty gets
reimbursed for bus fare,
then I should at least
get reimbursed for gas.
We don't have the budget
for that.
What about reimbursing us
for food and drink on set?
Not in the budget,
but feel free to grab
one of the Something Green samples.
Ew! That stuff
tastes like a moldy carrot
had angry sex with a lawnmower.
True, but when we're on air,
let's use their slogan--
"Tastes like healthy!"
Okay. Look.
Dude. Again?
Another one of your
boring lectures?
I bet it is.
Guys, just let him talk.
Thank you, Izzy.
I've heard enough already.
Yeah. Me too.
Everyone, just listen!
When we were in high school,
we started this show for fun, right?
But we also said our main goal
was to do this professionally.
Matty, your parents started
charging you rent, right?
The day I graduated.
Chloe, your mom said
go to college or get a job.
Kris, you really want to go
to dental school
like your dad wants?
I just threw up thinking about
Kris' hands in my mouth.
And, Izzy...
I-I actually don't know what
your parents want you to do.
Oh, my parents are wonderful
and supportive people
who encourage me
to follow my dreams.
But you just moved in
to your own place, right?
Yep. It was cool at first.
Turns out adulting sucks.
So can we all just agree
to please
make the sponsors really happy
so we don't have to
stop doing the show?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, sure.
Okay. Great.
Next on the agenda,
our new team member.
- What?!
- Are you kidding me?
You can't reimburse us
for food and drink,
but we're getting
a new employee?
He's not on-camera talent,
is he?
No, he's not on-camera
talent and he's not being paid.
He's a fan of the show
who volunteered to help us out,
so I figured
since he's a local--
So, like, an intern?
Technically, no.
He's still in high school.
- So it's more like a--
We can get interns?
Game changer! I want an intern!
What do you know
about this guy?
He e-mailed us
wanting to help.
Are you sure he's not
some kind of serial killer
who wants to chop off
our fingers
and wear them as a necklace?
There's a lot of crazy
out there.
And in here apparently.
He's not a serial killer, Matty.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Is he the weird-looking dude
that I saw on the way in here?
It's okay. He's definitely
not on-camera material.
I'm just gonna bring him in.
Hey, uh, Ryan, could you
come on in, please?
- Yeah.
- Thanks.
Okay. Uh...
Everyone, this is Ryan Keaton.
Hey, guys.
It is so awesome to be here.
So, can he fetch stuff for us?
Ryan's here to help us
with whatever we need.
- What about--
- As long as it's appropriate.
- And what about--
- And legal.
Welcome aboard, Ryan!
Okay, why don't you
go grab yourself a seat
and we can keep this thing
moving?
- Thanks.
- Okay, so...
Next episode. Any ideas?
Anything at all?
Feel free to just jump out
with them.
There's a haunted hotel
in Sendai, Japan.
We could play
Hitori Kakurenbo there.
Uh, we don't have a budget
for overseas travel
or any travel outside of the
tri-state area for that matter.
Doesn't give us lots of options.
Well, how about we play
the bath game at my place?
Doesn't that game involve us
all getting in a bathtub?
I mean...
- Gross.
- Hm.
Wha--
Yeah. Ryan.
What about the Elevator Game?
You guys haven't played
that one yet.
That's the one
where you ride an elevator
to unlock a gateway
and summon some spirit?
- That's the one.
- The Fifth-Floor Woman.
Supposedly, she opens a portal
to the world of the dead.
But if you don't
do the game right,
she rips you apart, right?
Kris pitched that one last year.
Yeah, and we decided that no one
wants to watch us ride
an elevator for 20 minutes.
Sounds like an easy shoot, though.
You can play it anywhere.
As long as the building
has at least 10 floors.
Well, that means this one's out.
Well, I don't think
finding a building
- is going to be a problem.
- But that's not our show.
We play scary games
in scary places.
So... does anyone know
of any haunted elevators?
- But, uh--
- Local haunted elevators.
Right.
There is one.
A building just a few blocks
from here, I think.
I read a story online about
a girl who went missing there.
They say she went missing
playing the game.
"They" say?
Chat groups and Reddit posts.
So, unsubstantiated
online rumors.
Isn't that all the Internet is?
Well, I also know
that she was local.
From the suburbs, at least.
In high school at the time.
A freshman.
The police have her
as a runaway, but like I said,
rumor is it was
the Fifth-Floor Woman.
Got a name?
Becki... something.
Can we make this happen?
We can make anything happen.
Question is,
do people want to see us ride
an elevator for 20 minutes?
Yeah. I'm already bored.
So is that a no?
Anybody?
Okay. Uh, great suggestion,
Ryan. Maybe next time.
- Uh...
Oh, no! That's Mr. Klein.
I gotta take this!
- Who's Mr. Klein?
- He's the sponsor!
Hi, Mr. Klein!
I was just about to call you.
Yeah, no, I--
I totally understand.
We will make sure
it is prominently featured
in the next episode.
Come on. I'll show you around.
This is the office.
These are our desks.
That's our lavish studio.
A fully stocked break room.
And over there
is Kevin's office.
This concludes your orientation.
Welcome aboard.
Ooh.
That's a lot to remember.
Oh! Almost forgot!
Wait till I show you
the wellness area.
This is... nice.
Did someone move my doll
or did it do that on its own?!
Sometimes you need an escape.
Thanks for helping us out.
Here. Let me see your phone.
In case you have
any questions...
Here's my info.
Thanks.
This doesn't sound good.
What's going on?
I think we just
lost our sponsor.
Uh-huh. And I hear--
It's hard to hear you
when you're using
that tone of voice.
Hello? Hello?!
Um, so, I just got
my ass handed to me
by our very irate sponsor.
If Mr. Klein
doesn't get a new episode
by the end of the week,
he's pulling our funding.
A completed show in a week?
That's impossible.
Well, if we don't,
we lose everything
that we've worked for,
so, uh, we're gonna have to.
I need at least a week to edit,
not to mention the time
to film it.
Okay, well, uh--
We'll do Ryan's suggestion.
The, uh--
The elevator thing.
We can shoot it.
It's one location.
It's not a lot of moving around.
We can preload the graphics
to save time.
And--
And we'll shoot it tonight.
- What?!
- Tonight?
- There's no way!
- The building you mentioned,
it's an office building, right?
Um, yeah, yeah.
Okay, so office building
on a Saturday evening
- is gonna be a ghost town.
Well put.
Still doesn't get us
around the issue
of going up and down in a box
for 20 minutes.
Uh, we have to--
You know, no.
We need to do this.
Yeah, still don't know
how you're gonna make
all that interesting.
Just sayin'.
Is that a challenge?
Is he challenging us?
I think he is.
- I love a challenge.
- Me too.
I think we should do it.
Out of spite for
doubting our brilliance.
Best reason ever.
That sounds good to me.
Um, great. Let's, uh--
Okay. Let's get a move on. Yeah?
I'll start researching
the history.
- I'll look up the rules.
- Send those to me
when you get them,
and I'll preload the graphics.
- Fuck yeah.
- Okay.
Uh, what can I do?
You can help me with the gear.
Okay.
Who's ready to get arrested
for trespassing?
If someone stops us, just
pretend we're lost tourists.
Hm. Lost with several bags
of video equipment.
- I can do an accent!
- Please, don't.
Hey. Hey. Okay.
Take this shirt.
Did you run all the way here?
Yeah.
Mr. Klein sent these over.
He, uh--
He wants you guys to wear these.
I don't do green.
Guys!
I am so rocking this look.
Everyone wearing the same thing?
We're not worried about
losing our credibility?
I don't look credible?
Ugh! Can we just have
Izzy wear it?
Okay. Fine. Just make sure
that she's in the shot, okay?
I'm, uh--
I'm gonna go get a coffee.
Does anyone want a coffee?
- Iced latte!
- Uh-huh!
Okay. Let's do this.
This shot would look
really badass from behind.
- Do you want to shoot it?
- Nah, I'll get it later.
- Set it down here.
- Okay.
Kris, don't forget
your body mic this time.
And don't ask me
to help you hide the cord.
Fool me once. Okay.
Grab that bag and follow me.
Okay.
After you.
There's not enough room
for lighting in here,
but we'll make it work.
A little help?
- Yeah, I got it.
- My hero.
- Mnh!
We are up and running, folks.
You run the entire show
off that little tablet?
Little tablet? This is
the mobile command center.
I could launch missiles
from this "little tablet."
You're just lucky
I'm a lady of peace.
Okay.
Am I interrupting?
No, no, I'm just
going over my notes
on our Fifth-Floor Woman.
Find anything good?
Uh, so far, I found out
that she is a vengeful ghost
that haunts some place
called the Red Worlds.
Oh, and she likes
ripping people apart.
- She sounds great.
- A total blast.
You better turn on
in the next five seconds,
or I'm gonna throw you
across the room!
Is it always like this?
The looming specter
of potential paranormal doom
accompanied by total
financial collapse?
Yeah, that's normal for us.
Well, you all seem
to handle it pretty well.
Uh! Oh! The plug fell out.
Oh, we're total pros.
So, what got you into
this ghost-game stuff?
Typical answer--
it's fun, exciting, dangerous.
I get to work
with all my friends.
But the honest, boring answer--
I'm a total research nerd.
I like finding out things
that no one knows about.
Did you know they started
pumping music into elevators
in the 1920s as a way
to calm first-time passengers?
I did not know that.
Or that we wouldn't even
have elevators
if Elisha Otis hadn't
invented the safety break.
And without that,
there'd be no modern elevators,
and without modern elevators,
there'd be no skyscrapers,
and without skyscrapers,
there'd be no modern cities.
I know all that,
but I know fuck-all
about the Fifth-Floor Woman.
And that is what I really
want to know about.
There's got to be something
to the story, right?
I hope so.
Oh, and Elisha Otis
also invented
the rotating bread oven.
Ohh.
I do love freshly baked bread.
- Oh, it's the best, right?
- Yeah.
Okay! Are we all set?
That doesn't look like
an iced latte.
Alright. Come on. I'll show you
how to film these fools.
Grab the camera and put
your hand through here.
Underneath. Yep.
And then flip out the monitor.
Okay. And you're gonna want
to have that facing you.
And the power button.
Come on, come on, come on.
Everyone in front of the
elevator for the intro, please.
- Okay. Yep.
- Yeah.
Yep. Just get a wider frame.
Okay. Action!
Oh, uh, Kris, remember--
before you tell them
to smash that subscribe button,
it's been moved to the lower
right-hand corner, okay?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I got you.
Alright.
Action for real this time!
Welcome to
"Nightmare on Dare Street."
I'm your host, Kris.
And today,
we'll be tackling a creepy
little Internet legend called...
the Elevator Game.
Now, for years we've pondered,
"Is there more to life
than this?"
Well, tonight, the Elevator Game
might finally answer
that question.
But with the Elevator Game,
we aren't just
summoning spirits.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
We are opening a door
to a cursed, ghostly realm...
with the help, of course,
from the Fifth-Floor Woman.
Chloe?
She lives in her own private
land of the dead
they call "The Red World."
But if we play the game
just right,
she'll open the door
and let us inside.
Matty?
Uh, okay.
So, here's how you play.
You go to each floor
in the following order--
4, 2, 6, 2, 10, 5, and 1.
Okay. Sounds simple enough.
But wait. There's more.
When you reach the fifth floor,
the doors will open
and a woman will step on.
She'll step on
and stand behind you.
Now, you can't turn to look at
her and you can't speak to her.
Remember, when you reach
the fifth floor,
you must keep your eyes closed
and your mouth shut.
Whatever you do, don't turn
around and don't look at her.
But... what happens
if we do look?
Well, Kris, if you see her
or talk to her,
- she will rip you apart.
Get them both in frame.
If you look back
before finishing the game,
she will curse you
with her presence.
She will haunt you
like a waking nightmare.
And when she's had her fill,
she will shred you to pieces,
both body and soul.
- Oh, shit!
- Oh. Okay.
Um...
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Spread it out. Thank you.
Today's
episode is brought to you
by Something Green
vegetable drink.
Use the promo code DareStreet
to get 10% off your first order!
Ooh! Taste the Healthy!
Alright. You guys ready to see
the other side or what?
- Ready!
- I'm not quite sure yet.
- Overruled, Matty.
- Okay.
Okay.
Step one, enter the elevator.
I thought you said
the building was empty.
Elevator small talk?
How about that weather?
You see that game last night?
I wonder if life
is just an endless loop
of creation and destruction
and hell is the realization
that we're powerless
to alter the course?
- Oh, good. It's here.
- Okay.
Okay. First, we go to four.
- Wait. Four first?
- First is four.
- No, first floor is--
- No, fourth floor is first.
- Press four.
- I was wrong.
This is hell.
See you on the other side.
Well, that sounds up to code.
Okay.
Should we mention that girl?
- Who?
- That Becki girl.
You know, the one
that disappeared?
Oh. Yeah, sure.
Knock yourself out.
Okay.
Next stop is two.
Now, what makes today's episode
even more special
is that we have evidence
the game actually works.
Her name was Becki,
and supposedly
she is the Fifth-Floor Woman's
latest victim.
And according
to our investigation,
this is the very elevator
she vanished from.
Go to www.nightmare-on-
dare-street.com.
There, you'll find all
the details we've compiled--
And while you're there,
you may as well go ahead
and smash the subscribe button
on the lower left-hand corner
of your screen.
Right! Right-hand corner!
I'll fix it in post.
Sex anyone?
You are so witty.
You doing alright?
Yeah, I'm fine. Why?
Nothing. You're just usually
a lot more chatty on camera.
Hm.
I don't know.
I feel like I've talked enough
this episode, honestly.
Since when have you
ever thought that?
Let's just finish this, okay?
Yeah.
And now back to two!
Again.
No, no, no!
Don't glitch out on me!
Come on, Izz.
Nothing to worry about.
Just some interference.
Well, the second floor
looks the exact same,
just as it did
a few minutes ago.
Hello?! Anybody there?!
Are you trying to get someone
to call the cops on us?
Relax! I'm just trying
to stir up some ghosts!
No sign of the
Fifth-Floor Woman yet.
Probably because we haven't gone
to the fifth floor yet.
- Alright.
Whoa. Yes! Yes! That's exactly
what I'm talking about!
Holy...
I-I'm gonna take the stairs.
What? No, no, no.
Everyone exits the elevator
when the game ends or else.
Or else what?
Curses. Soul shredding.
And we lose the episode.
Ugh! Nothing to worry about.
See? All good.
Well...
it's time for
the moment of truth.
Finally time to head
to the fifth floor!
Oh!
A woman will enter.
Do not look at her
and do not talk to her
because she is not human
and she will rip you apart.
Shredding your body and soul.
Ohh!
Anyone else feel like
taking a peek?
Dude, don't you fricking dare.
Oh, come on, dude.
Just a tiny peek. Huh?
It's looking better.
- So, like, does this--
- Don't touch it, man.
- Trust me. You--
- Okay.
Izzy's a little particular
about things like that.
He'll learn.
That looks good.
That looks really good.
- As long as it stays stable.
- Yeah, I think it--
- Izz, security.
- Hide, hide, hide, hide, hide!
- Hide where?
- In the corner!
Everything's secure outside...
- Oh, no. My baby.
- No!
Okay. Yeah.
- Shhhh.
Quiet.
- I wanna look.
- Stop it, Kris.
Dude, it's gonna make
a much more interesting episode
- than this.
- I'm gonna push the stop button
- right now, I swear to God.
- Okay, both of you, stop!
Matty, he's just joking, okay?
Kris, you're just joking.
Say it.
I'm just joking, Matty.
I won't look.
- Swear it.
- Okay, yeah, whatever, fine.
I'm not gonna look, I swear.
Okay. Eyes closed.
What's he doing?
He's talking on his phone.
Okay. Final step, press one.
If we did this right, the
elevator should go up to ten.
Oh, we're going up!
No frickin' way!
What's he doing now?
Oh, he's gone, he's gone.
- Oh, no, no, no, no, no!
What? What, what, what?
- I don't know what's happening.
- Why is there no picture?
I don't know. I'm trying
to figure that out!
Dude, that's not funny.
You hit ten, didn't you?
Chill.
I didn't do anything, Matty.
Oh, God. She's pulling us up.
It's probably just some
kind of maintenance code.
No, no. We have to get off!
We have to get off!
- No, Matty! No!
- Stop right here!
- No!
- Why are we stopping on nine?
- Something's not right here.
Well, maybe it's
the Fifth-Floor Woman.
No, tell him not to sign
the paper... work.
How the fuck
did you get in here?
Um...
The file's on me.
- No, no, no, no, I don't care.
She can keep the kids.
I get the house.
Yeah, well, you can
tell her that 50%...
- Solid excitement.
- Don't start, Kris.
- So are we done?
- How'd the footage look?
- About that...
What happened?
I don't know.
Thick elevator walls.
Lead pipes.
Some weird interference.
Meaning?
Meaning we lost
a healthy chunk of footage.
What?!
Well, how much did we lose?
- Ask Izzy.
- How much did we lose?
- I'd say the last half.
- Great.
We wouldn't have had to
rush if you would've--
So, what do we do now?
Chloe, don't.
- Did you hear that?
Hear what?
Uh... nothing.
Just-- It was nothing.
Do it again!
One more time.
But...
put all the gear in the elevator
this time.
Yeah. No can do.
I gotta get home.
- Yeah. Me too.
- Mm-hmm.
Do we have any usable footage?
I'll head back to the office
and check.
I might be able to
scrape something together.
- Okay. I'll go with you.
- Is it worth it?
Unless you have anything else
that you can throw together--
Kris is just afraid that this is
all gonna tie him back to Becki.
Uh...
The girl who went missing.
Kris knows her. Right?
She was a huge fan of the show,
and then you hooked up with her.
How do you know that?
I'm her brother.
I found your DMs on her laptop.
She told you how much
she loved the show.
And then you had sex with her.
A week later, she went missing.
You know,
she was just a freshman.
Is this true?
Come on, man.
I was in high school then.
High school was a month ago!
You hooked up with Becki
and then you ghosted her...
but not before telling her
all about the Elevator Game.
You told her to play it
and record it,
that you'd put it up on the Web
and make her famous.
When you stopped responding,
she decided
to play it on her own
just to fucking impress you.
This is so gross, Kris.
- What?
You knew she was a fan,
and you used that
to take advantage of her.
The fact that we even have to
explain this to you
- is even grosser.
- You know, you've done
skeevy shit before, Kris,
but promising
you'd make her famous is--
This could destroy everything
that we've worked for.
Yeah, well, it's not like
I'm responsible
- for her disappearance!
- No!
But I need your help
finding her.
Oh, wow.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
You are fucking pathetic.
You know that?
So you actually think
that she's lost
in the fucking Red World?!
Huh?!
You're a fucking joke.
So let me explain this in a way
that your little walnut
of a brain
can actually comprehend.
Okay?
Your loser sister ran away.
Hey, guys! Guys, guys, guys!
Stop!
Fuck you!
Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you!
And fuck you! Okay?! Okay?!
This has nothing to do with me!
Nothing! I'm out!
You kids can't be in here.
You all have to leave. Now.
- Yep.
- Yes, sir.
Alright. Let's go.
Everyone out.
Yeah, yeah.
Faster, faster. Come on.
Come on.
Let's get back to the office.
Yeah. Yeah.
Pick up your feet. Let's go.
I don't want to see you kids
back here.
Hey, Chloe.
I'm sorry I didn't say
anything before.
No, you're not.
Kris is a total asshole,
and he deserved this, but...
you lied and used all of us
to get to this exact moment, right?
Shit. I-I'm sorry.
Yeah.
And I am really sorry
about your sister.
I hope she turns up safe.
What could you possibly have
to say to me right now?
Okay. Look.
What am I supposed to do?
You're asking me? Because
my feelings are pretty raw
and you are not gonna
like my answer.
Chloe, you there? Chlo--
Yeah, I'm-- I'm here.
Okay, well...
Look. I'm almost home.
Okay? I j--
I just want to talk. That's it.
We'll talk tomorrow, okay?
Kris?
Chloe?
- Chloe?
Hello?
I can't believe
he would do this.
Yeah, but we've
known him for years.
There's no way--
I mean,
I should have expected this.
This is so on par for him,
but ugh.
I know.
I just didn't think that--
So, we can't have Kris
on the show anymore.
Agreed.
Uh, I guess we could start
auditioning Monday
and get some sort of...
- Oh, no!
- ...background check.
- What?
- You wouldn't have happened
to have grabbed a camera
from the elevator, would you?
No.
Then I left a camera
back in the elevator.
Uh, which-- which one?
The one in the corner
that now contains
a healthy amount of footage
of us totally trespassing.
Huh.
You want me to go back for it,
don't you?
Very, very much so.
By myself?
At night?
- Let's go.
- Thank you.
Yeah, yeah.
Let's hurry, though.
- I gotta check the footage.
Yeah, I know.
♪ Your thoughts
were hiding from me ♪
♪ Where you at, where you at,
where you at?♪
♪ Where you at, where you at? ♪
Okay.
Fifth.
Oh, my God.
Becki?
Hello?
All clear.
Thanks, Mr. Bond.
Hey, can I get a hand?
I got these little T-Rex arms,
so I can't really--
You know?
That's better.
You're pretty when you smile.
You should do it more often.
What are you doing?
- Having fun.
- We don't have time for that.
Oh, there's
always time for fun.
I believe two is next
on our journey?
So, what's got you
all worked up?
You're all silent
and despondent.
It can't just be
our failing start-up.
Come on, come on.
Come on.
Spill it, Kev.
You know how
I put the deposit down
on the office building
and I said we had enough money
to float us for a month or two?
Yeah.
Was that not true?
No, the problem
is where the money came from.
You didn't get it
from some loan sharks
who break kneecaps, did you?
I wish. That money
was from my savings account
and supposed to be tuition
for my first year of college.
Oh, my God.
Seriously?
Yeah.
So, I take it your dad
found out?
Yeah.
Well, you're still alive.
That's a good sign.
I am.
Been sleeping at the office
ever since.
Or... you can stay at my place
until you get things
figured out with your folks.
Thanks.
Okay.
Can we get back
to the office now?
I want to reach out to
a few more possible sponsors
before we call it a night, so...
Sure.
But we do only have
one more floor left.
You want to finish the game?
Fine.
Might as well get
some more footage out of it.
Okay.
Fifth floor.
Hello?
Fifth-Floor Woman?
Oh, wait, I wasn't
supposed to look.
Okay.
Well, we had our fun.
Come on.
Close!
Close, God damn it!
Ah!
♪ I don't really think that
I can do this all on my own ♪
♪ There's a time and a place ♪
♪ Where my mind
is always racing ♪
♪ Finish line I've been chasing
for so long ♪
♪ Where'd it go? ♪
♪ When is my time
in the spotlight gonna come?♪
♪ It's past my lifeline ♪
♪ Always on with the night ♪
♪ So red eyes water,
exhaustion ♪
- ♪ The light is gone ♪
♪ Where'd it go? ♪
♪ I'm sick and tired
of playing second fiddle ♪
♪ Your fake sentimental
never meant a little, oh ♪
♪ You thinkin' I'm blind,
you turnin' your face ♪
♪ It don't quite align ♪
♪ Everyone's mask
eventually...♪
♪ That I can do this
all on my own ♪
♪ There's a time and a place ♪
♪ Where my mind
is always racing ♪
♪ Finish line I've been chasing
for so long ♪
♪ Where'd it go? ♪
♪ When is my time
in the spotlight gonna come?♪
♪ It's past my lifeline ♪
♪ Always on with the night ♪
♪ So red eyes water,
exhaustion ♪
♪ The light is gone ♪
- ♪ Where'd it go? ♪
What do you want?
Okay, you and your friends
are in danger.
What?
It's real, Chloe, the game.
I, uh--
I have to talk to you.
Chloe?
Fuck.
Okay, um, can you meet me
at the office in 15?
- I'll be in the wellness area.
- Okay. Okay!
Ugh, what's going on?
Hello?
Anyone there?
Come on.
Any day now.
Hello?
Nope.
Ugh.
You've reached
the bus transit
after-hours help line.
Due to higher than normal
call volume,
your wait could be as long
as 55 minutes.
You fuckin'-- Ugh!
Ah!
Shit!
Fuck! Aah!
Fuck me!
Shit, shit, shit!
Shit, no fucking way.
We opened the door.
Now she's out to get us!
Now what do we do,
what do we do?
Chloe, Chloe.
I'll call Chloe!
Hey, Matty,
I tried calling you--
Stop talking! I need you
to meet me at the office!
What?!
Shit, shit.
Matty, are you okay?
I'm at the office now, I--
Okay, perfect.
I-I'll see you there!
No!
Salt, salt, gotta find salt,
gotta find salt.
Okay, this will do.
Can I help you?
Uh, no, no, I'm good.
I-I see my party
sitting right over there.
I need this, actually.
Okay, so, it's a door,
it's a door, it has to be.
It's a portal.
That's the only explanation.
- Hey, hi. Sorry.
- Excuse me.
And then because
she's a sleep paralysis
or a walking nightmare
stuck between the existence
and the--
Are you done with that? Thanks!
Do you have anything courser?
I'm calling the police.
Yeah, okay, sure,
you do that.
Uh... okay.
Okay, okay, okay.
Okay, Matty,
so now we just gotta figure
how to close the door.
No shit we gotta
close the door, but how?
Bingo!
Yes, hello?
Some kid just wandered in...
Get off me, get off me!
Just get the hell out of here!
Right.
Right, okay, no problem.
'Cause-- 'Cause Chloe
likes researching things.
- Close the door.
- You guys have to do something.
Yeah, she'll figure out a way
to close the door.
- Perfect.
Hey.
Hey!
Yeah, uh, thank you
for the lovely evening.
Five stars! Oh.
Can't forget this.
I am so, so sorry, everybody.
Hello?
I have mace.
And if you do anything weird,
I'll just--
I'll throw you off the building.
Now talk.
It worked.
I was there...
in her world.
The game worked.
What are you talking about?
I had to find out.
I had to see if my sister
was there.
I went back to the building
and I played the game by myself.
I was there!
This is completely insane.
No, it's real, Chloe!
The Red World,
the Fifth-Floor Woman,
the entire goddamn game is real!
Okay, I need you to go!
Well, I found this...
on the floor of the elevator.
I think something happened
to Izzy and Kevin.
Just-- Just watch it.
I-I need to call everyone.
We need to take this
to the police.
The police can't help us, Chloe.
Look, I don't know you!
And I don't really trust you!
Chloe, I am sorry about
how this all went down,
I really, truly am.
But the police gave up
on finding Becki.
Even my parents gave up
on finding her.
But I can't give up.
I know she would never run away.
Look, if you lost someone
that close to you,
wouldn't you do anything
to help find them?
Look, I needed your help
and I just didn't want you all
to think I was crazy.
No.
This is Kris' fault.
And what he did
is absolutely awful, but...
right now, I'm more concerned
with making sure
my friends are okay.
What-- What is all this?
T-This wasn't here before.
I--
- Oh!
- Ah! What the fuck, Chloe?
- Sorry, I'm sorry!
- What was the for?
My nerves are on edge
right now, okay?
Oh, and this guy's back.
Break up any more
web shows today?
Don't touch the circle.
What the hell is all this?
Nourishment. It's gonna be
a long night here, folks.
That doesn't answer
my question, Matty.
Just get inside the circle.
I'll explain everything.
Do you have to drag your feet
when you walk?
Okay, so, here's what's up.
Something happened
when we played the game.
We-- We broke a rule.
I thought the game
was ruined by that office guy.
See, that's what I thought, too,
but then I started
thinking about it.
And Kris hit the last button.
He pressed one.
But then we went up.
So, you actually did
open the door.
Exactly.
You're supposed to
add water to that.
That... makes sense.
And then you looked back?
I looked back
'cause Chloe looked back.
Are you guys seriously
blaming me?
And what, you're both
claiming to be cursed?
Wait, how did he get cursed?
Oh, he went back
and played solo.
That was dumb.
Look, I am not spending my night
standing in a circle of salt
and votive candles.
What happened when you did it?
No... way, bro!
You saw the Red World,
didn't you?
Did you go in?
Yeah.
- That is so frickin' cool!
Oh, my gosh, what was it--
That's the dumbest thing
you could have ever done.
Why would you do that?
He thought he could
find his sister.
Oh.
Wow. Now we have to find a way
to close the door.
Okay, we need to go
to the police.
You can't call the cops
on a ghost, Chloe.
I really think something bad
has happened to Kevin and Izzy.
Did they play, too?
I think, and something
may have scared them!
- Yeah, the F--
If you say
they were attacked by a fucking
ghost woman, I swear to God...
Look, did you find
anything else in your research?
What'd you find, Chlo?
I traced the game back to a news
story from a few decades ago.
It was during
a sorority pledge weekend.
They-- They took one of the
girls into an office building
and they locked her
into the elevator shaft.
Her name was Allie McCormack.
Come on, guys.
Guys?!
They said they'd come
back in an hour to get her,
but apparently, they went back
to the sorority house,
got drunk, and forgot about her.
Let me out!
She spent
the entire weekend all alone,
slowly losing her mind.
That Monday when people
started coming in for work,
she was still down there.
She was crushed by the elevator,
causing her spine to shatter.
But that isn't what killed her.
According to the coroner,
she eventually got twisted up
in the elevator gears
and was very slowly
ripped apart.
They didn't find her body
until several days later.
So, she's a vengeance spirit.
No, Matty, she's a poor, dead
girl from a few decades ago.
And you scared yourself
into thinking this is all real.
All these years of doing this
and you still don't believe it?
Because it's never fucking real!
It's all stories people made up
because they're afraid of
the finality of their own death.
That was dark.
Okay.
Listen, guys.
Let's just say
that this is real...
'cause it is.
What do we do about it?
Uh...
I...
...don't know.
Look, I've been
searching online,
but anything I can find
on the rules
tells me how to open the door,
just not how to close it.
I'm giving this
five more minutes
and then I'm going
to the police.
Fine. I've got
a few more sources to check.
I can't believe I'm letting
this lunacy play out.
You saw what was on that camera.
It doesn't mean that they--
What is that song?
Hmm?
What song?
You were just humming a song.
Yeah, I guess I was.
Um, I don't know,
probably heard it somewhere.
Pretty catchy.
I heard it, too,
when I was there.
She was humming it.
It's...
Ugh, it's really familiar.
♪ The elevator goes up
♪ Comes back down and then
The elevator song.
It's a nursery rhyme
my mom used to sing.
You've heard it before, right?
No.
My mom didn't sing
nursery rhymes.
She mostly cursed
and threw things.
♪ The elevator goes up
♪ Comes back down and then
♪ The doors open,
the doors close ♪
- ♪ Let's all ride again
- That's what she was humming.
It's just a kids' song.
I'm sure you've heard it before.
Uh, sorry.
The doors close.
A-And then we ride again.
We-- We didn't finish the game.
We never finished.
We have to--
We have to play again.
We have to step out
into her world.
And then we ride again.
That's how we close the door!
- Yes!
- That's it!
Yes!
What are you doing?
- I'm calling the police.
- Okay, okay.
- Okay, uh, we need a plan.
We have to step back
into the elevator
and we have to play again.
Right, right, right,
and then, uh...
Chloe, you can stop humming.
We got it. Um...
That's not me.
Hello?
Yeah, just call the monster
right over to us, why don't you?
Chloe, step back
into the circle.
Chloe.
Chloe!
Allie?
Okay, that's good.
That's good.
Maybe she goes by Alice.
Is the salt ring gonna work?
According to what I've read.
P-Please work.
Oh, fuck.
Okay.
Okay, t-this is perfect.
S-S-She--
She can't get through.
Matty.
Can you?!
No, I'm telling you guys,
the Internet does not lie
about these things.
- Matty, no!
Matty!
Okay, okay.
Okay, okay, okay.
- Run, run!
- Okay, okay.
Go, go, go!
Come on.
Come on, come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
I thought I told you kids
not to come back here.
- No, we have to just get up--
- I don't want to hear it.
Get your asses
out of the building.
I'm not messing around.
Let's go!
- Come on! Let's go.
- Fine.
Fine, fine.
- Chloe.
- It's-- It's over, Ryan.
We'll-- We'll get out. Okay.
Okay.
Smart choice.
- No, we're not leaving.
- Okay, you know what?
I've given you this chance
once already.
- I'm calling the cops.
- Oh!
- Sorry, I'm so sorry!
I'm so, so sorry!
Sorry!
- Oh, my God.
So, you really did have mace.
Of course, I did.
What if it doesn't work?
It's gotta work.
Okay.
Up until 15 minutes ago,
I didn't have a shred of faith
at any of this ever being real.
Now all I have is faith in
the fact that this has to work.
All we have to do
is follow her rules.
If we do that, we'll be fine.
Listen.
If it doesn't work,
we run like hell.
And we don't look back.
Ever, Chloe.
We find a way to break this
curse or a way to kill her.
But this is gonna work.
- Yeah.
Wait.
We're about to invite her
in here with us.
I know.
Hey.
Remember, don't look at her,
don't speak to her,
no matter what.
- Okay?
Okay.
Don't look, don't look.
Close. Close.
Okay.
Okay, okay, do it.
It worked.
- Okay.
- It's working.
This place...
...it's real.
All of it...
real.
Ryan, come on.
Ryan!
Ryan, we need to go, please?
It's her.
It's Becki.
Ryan, come on.
I knew I'd find you here.
No, it's a trick.
Please?
Ryan, Becki's gone.
I know it hurts, okay?
But she's gone.
I'm scared.
Please, let's go.
So, we just go back
to one now, right?
And it's all over?
Yeah.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Why are we stopping on five?
She's not going to give up.
- What?
- She's not going to let us go.
Close your eyes.
- Is she here?
Yeah.
Where are you going?
Chloe, don't.
Don't leave me, Ryan.
I'm so scared here.
Ryan?
Hey, girlies, guess what.
I finally found it.
I found the actual elevator
from the story.
Okay, so Chloe Young
and her friends
all played the elevator game
before they disappeared
a few years ago.
Now, rumor has it the police
just never found their bodies.
Or did the Fifth-Floor Woman
take them?
So, guess what I'm gonna do.
I'm gonna play the elevator game
in this very elevator.
Okay, Internet, who's ready
to meet the Fifth-Floor Woman?
I know I am.
Let's start by going to four.
♪ I don't really think that
I can do this all on my own ♪
♪ There's a time and a place
where my mind is always racing ♪
♪ Finish line I've been chasing
for so long ♪
♪ Where'd it go?
♪ When is my time
in the spotlight gonna come? ♪
♪ It's past my lifeline
♪ Always on with the night
♪ So red eyes water,
exhaustion ♪
♪ The light is gone
♪ Where'd it go?
♪ I'm sick and tired
of playing second fiddle ♪
♪ Your fake sentimental
never meant a little, oh ♪
♪ You thinkin' I'm blind,
you turnin' your face ♪
♪ It don't quite align
♪ Everyone's mask
eventually... ♪
♪ What do I do?
♪ Isn't in my genes
to be number two ♪
♪ What do I do?
♪ Burnt out of the cycle
of pushing through ♪
♪ I don't really think that
I can do this all on my own ♪
♪ There's a time and a place
where my mind is always racing ♪
♪ Finish line I've been chasing
for so long ♪
♪ Where'd it go?
♪ When is my time
in the spotlight gonna come? ♪
♪ It's past my lifeline
♪ Always on with the night
♪ So red eyes water,
exhaustion ♪
♪ The light is gone
♪ Where'd it go?
♪ Red eyes water
♪ I don't want to be
♪ Another case
of what could have been ♪
♪ If I don't make it,
I don't got a plan B ♪
♪ And I don't fake it,
I don't wanna lose me ♪
♪ But I don't want to be
♪ A shoulda, coulda been
♪ I don't really think that
I can do this all on my own ♪
♪ There's a time and a place
where my mind is always racing ♪
♪ Finish line I've been chasing
for so long ♪
♪ Where'd it go?
♪ When is my time
in the spotlight gonna come? ♪
♪ It's past my lifeline
♪ Always on with the night
♪ So red eyes water,
exhaustion ♪
♪ The light is gone